Docs/build pipeline (#5184)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/how-tos/working-with-data-and-pipelines.md

If you decide to use DockerHub, follow the [Docker Hub Quickstart](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/) to
create a repository for your project.
1. Create a `Dockerfile` for your project. See the [OpenCV example](https://github.com/pachyderm/pachyderm/blob/master/examples/opencv/Dockerfile).
1. Build a new image from the `Dockerfile` by specifying a tag:

   ```bash
   docker build -t <IMAGE>:<TAG> .
   ```

For more information about building Docker images, see
[Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/tutorials/dockerimages/).

## Step 3: Push Your Docker Image to a Registry

After building your image, you need to upload the image into
a public or private image registry, such as
[DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com) or other.

Alternatively, you can use the Pachyderm's built-in functionality to
tag, build, and push images by running the `pachctl update pipeline` command

> with the `--build` and `--push-images` flags. For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the `--build` or `--push-images` flag. For more information, see
```

It's redundant to pass both `--build` and `--push-images`, and it'll trigger a warning

   }
   ```

!!! note "See Also:"
    - [Pipeline Specification](../reference/pipeline_spec.md)

## Step 5: Deploy/Update the Pipeline

> As soon as you create a pipeline,
> Pachyderm immediately spins a pod or pods on a Kubernetes worker node
> in which the pipeline code runs. By default, after the pipeline finishes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as you create a pipeline, Pachyderm immediately spins up one or more Kubernetes pods in which the pipeline code runs. By default, after the pipeline finishes
```

A pipeline might execute on more than one node
